🚀 General Availability website copy changes (#7000)
keystonejs/keystone: docs/pages/updates/keystone-5-vs-keystone-6-preview.mdx

# Keystone 5 vs 6, which should you use?

> x> **This article is now out of date**. If you're returning to it from an earlier time, Keystone 6 has achieved a [general availability](/updates/general-availability) release, and Keystone 5 is now in **maintenance** mode. We now recommend you use Keystone 6 for all new projects going forward.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
x> **This article is now out of date**. If you're returning to it from an earlier time, Keystone 6 has achieved a [general availability](/updates/general-availability) release, and Keystone 5 is now in **maintenance** mode. We now recommend you use Keystone 6 for all projects moving forward.
```
